doc: working_with_nrf: Add npm1304 pmic (#24194)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/pmic/npm1304.rst

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - DK or Prototype platform
     - Companion module
     - PCA number
     - Board target
     - Documentation
   * - :zephyr:board:`nrf54l15dk`
     - nPM1304 EK
     - PCA10156
     - | ``nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp``
     - | `Datasheet <nRF54L15 Datasheet_>`_
       | `Quick Start app`_
       | `User Guide <nRF54L15 DK User Guide_>`_
   * - :zephyr:board:`nrf5340dk`
     - nPM1304 EK
     - PCA10095
     - ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp``
     - | `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_
       | `Quick Start app`_
       | `User Guide <nRF5340 DK User Guide_>`_
   * - :zephyr:board:`nrf52840dk`
     - nPM1304 EK
     - PCA10056
     - ``nrf52840dk/nrf52840``
     - | `Product Specification <nRF52840 Product Specification_>`_
       | `Quick Start app`_
       | `User Guide <nRF52840 DK User Guide_>`_
   * - :zephyr:board:`nrf52dk`
     - nPM1304 EK
     - PCA10040
     - ``nrf52dk/nrf52832``
     - | `Product Specification <nRF52832 Product Specification_>`_
       | `Quick Start app`_
       | `User Guide <nRF52 DK User Guide_>`_

PMIC samples and libraries
**************************

> The |NCS| provides several :ref:`pmic_samples` that demonstrate the features and capabilities of nPM1304 using the nPM1304 EK.
> 
> The |NCS| also provides the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_fuel_gauge` that processes battery measurements made by PMICs and provides a state-of-charge (SOC) prediction, along with other metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |NCS| provides several :ref:`pmic_samples` that demonstrate the features and capabilities of nPM1304 using the nPM1304 EK.
The :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_fuel_gauge` processes battery measurements made by PMICs and provides a state-of-charge (SOC) prediction, along with other metrics.
```

PMIC tools
**********

The :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_fuel_gauge` is supported by the `nPM PowerUP app`_ in `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.
You can use this application together with the library to derive a battery model for your product.

> For this purpose, you can use the nPM1304 EK which has the functionality to characterize the battery using an active load circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this purpose, you can use the nPM1304 EK that characterizes the battery using an active load circuit.
```

See `Evaluate nPM1304 using nPM PowerUP`_ in the `nPM1304 EK User Guide`_ for more information.

.. _ug_npm1304_developing_overlay_import:

Importing an overlay from the nPM PowerUP app
=============================================

> The nPM PowerUP app from nRF Connect for Desktop supports exporting a full configuration of the nPM1304 in devicetree overlay format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nPM PowerUP app`_ from nRF Connect for Desktop supports exporting a full configuration of the nPM1304 in devicetree overlay format.
```

You can use this exported overlay file to quickly configure the nPM1304 in your application.

> If there is no overlay file for your project, include the file directly in your application folder with the name :file:`app.overlay`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no overlay file for your project, include the file directly in your :file:`app.overlay` application folder.
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove empty line.

If an overlay already exists, append the contents of the generated overlay to the existing file.

For more information about devicetree overlays, see :ref:`zephyr:use-dt-overlays`.

.. _npm1304_building:

Building and programming for nPM1304
************************************

There is no firmware for nPM1304 that can be built and programmed onto the PMIC.

Instead, you need to connect the compatible development kit to nPM1304 and program that kit with the firmware.

Connecting the development kit to nPM1304
=========================================

If you are using the nRF54L15 DK, follow the steps in `Use the nPM1304 EK with an nRF54L15 DK`_ in the `nPM1304 EK User Guide`_.
For other Nordic Semiconductor kits, use the wiring steps in the documentation for :ref:`pmic_samples` as reference (:ref:`wiring for the Fuel gauge sample <npm13xx_fuel_gauge_wiring>` and :ref:`wiring for the One button sample <npm13xx_one_button_wiring>`, respectively).

> If you are using custom hardware, the wiring process is similar to the `one for the nRF54L15 DK <Use the nPM1304 EK with an nRF54L15 DK_>`_, but board-specific steps will be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using custom hardware, the wiring process is similar to the `one for the nRF54L15 DK <Use the nPM1304 EK with an nRF54L15 DK_>`_, but board-specific steps are different.
```
